okay this time we're going to actually
run a pancake am going to make sure if
anyone from let go of win but I'm going
to go ahead and let spin and see how
much damage it does have someone like a
simulated failsafe yeah
yep
Wow guys saw I was perfect watch this I
was actually better than some landings
are some scary
I don't think it made that video camera
how's it grunting softly and yeah like I
see I've seen what I've done with
landings with this thing yep
so weird
you can see it's definitely not damaged
the only thing that might be considered
damage like a little bit of a loose
loose been here that can be fixed easily
everything stayed on inside Valerie
didn't even come loose material crew so
I think we found it very very viable
fail safe and abort criteria for this
airplane so what fun colorful can you
crashing early like that anyway there
you go
you